# Qwik Docs Site

## Production Builds

### Client Modules

Production build that creates only the client-side modules that are dynamically imported by the browser.

```
vite build
```

### Server Modules

Production build that creates the server-side module that is used by the server to render the HTML.

```
vite build --mode ssr
```

### Both Production Builds

A production build should generate the client and server modules by running both commands listed above. It's important that the client build happens before the server build, since the server uses symbol data generated by the client build.

### Preview Production Build

After a full build has completed, the preview command can be used to run the production build locally.

```
vite preview
```

## Development/Watch Builds

### Client only

The index.html is not a result of server-side rendering, but rather the Qwik app is built using client-side JavaScript only. This is ideal for development with Vite and its ability to reload modules quickly and on-demand. However, this mode is only for development and does not showcase "how" Qwik works since JavaScript is required to execute, and Vite imports many development modules for the app to work.

```
vite
```

### Client and SSR

Server-side rendered index.html, with client-side modules loaded by the browser on-demand. This can be used to test out server-side rendered content during development, but will be slower than the client-only development builds.

```
vite --mode ssr
```

## Config

```ts
import { defineConfig } from 'vite';
import { qwikVite } from '@builder.io/qwik/optimizer';

export default defineConfig(() => {
  return {
    plugins: [qwikVite()],
  };
});
```
